# Fortnite Response Dumper

This program allows you to dump many Fortnite responses.

---
### Features:
- Multiple account support with two login methods: refresh token and device auth.
- The program is able to dump:
  - account and global cloudstorage,
  - user profiles and other's Save the World profiles,
  - account information,
  - BR stats & inventory,
  - user friendlists,
  - catalog responses,
  - contentpages,
  - discovery tab responses,
  - keychain,
  - timeline,
  - theater (stw world).

- A config file where you can choose which responses to dump.
---
### Changelog:
What's new in the 1.5.0 update:
- Applied threading to most of the program, making it significantly faster.
- Updated the `https://fortnite-public-service-prod11.ol.epicgames.com` url to `https://fngw-mcp-gc-livefn.ol.epicgames.com`.
- Added images dumping to the program (e.g. from contentpages or Discovery Tab).
- The program now can dump the links Discovery Tab responses.
  - Seperated the Discovery Tab responses folder into three: surface, links and images.
  - Fixed the program crashing when starting to dump the Discovery Tab responses.
- Made the program log in after providing the display name for Anyone's STW profile dumper instead of doing it before the input.
- Made it so in the Main Menu you have to just press ENTER without any input if you want to exit the program instead of having to type `3` in the input.
- The program will now go back to the Main Menu after an error in the Anyone's STW profile dumper.
- Added the `Starting the main program...` message.
- Rewritten some parts of the code.
---

### How to use it?

- After starting the FortniteResponseDumper.py for the first time (or after deleting the config.ini file) you will be asked if you want to start the config setup process or use the default config values. If you want to start the setup, type 1, if no, type 2.

- Next, you will be asked if you are logged into your Epic account in your browser. If yes, type 1, if no, type 2.

- After you'll press ENTER, an Epic Games website will open. From there, login if you are not already logged into your Epic account.

- Then a page should open with content similar to this:

```json
{"redirectUrl":"https://localhost/launcher/authorized?code=930884289b5852842271e9027376a527","authorizationCode":"930884289b5852842271e9027376a527","sid":null}
```
or this:
```json
{"redirectUrl":"com.epicgames.fortnite://fnauth/?code=930884289b5852842271e9027376a527","authorizationCode":"930884289b5852842271e9027376a527","sid":null}
```

- Copy the code (e.g. 930884289b5852842271e9027376a527), paste it into the program and press enter.

- If all went well, the program will say it has generated the auth.json file successfully.

- Now you can either dump your account's responses or someone else's Save the World profiles (campaign, common_public and generated by the program profile0 profile).
---

### Found a bug?
Feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/PRO100KatYT/FortniteResponseDumper/issues/new "Click here if you want to open an issue.") if you encounter any bugs or just have a question.
